To predict the mpg of MechaCar prototypes, I added the variables vehicle length, vehicle weight, spoiler angle, ground clearance as independent variables to the multiple linear regression model. I did not add AWD because it is a true/false 0,1 category, not a numerical one like the other variables.
My multiple linear regression statement:
lm(mpg ~ vehicle.length + vehicle.weight + spoiler.angle + ground.clearance,data=MechaCar)
My multiple linear regression coefficients:
mpg = 6.24 vehicle length + .0012 vehicle weight + .008 spoiler angle + 3.66 ground clearance + -107.6.

Which variables/coefficients provided a non-random amount of variance to the mpg values in the dataset?
According to the results, the vehicle length, ground clearance, and intercept variables are statistically unlikely to provide random amounts of variance to the linear model.

Is the slope of the linear model considered to be zero? Why or why not?
The slope of the linear model is not considered to be zero.
The p-value of the multiple linear regression analysis is 2.277 x 10-11. This is a lot smaller than the significance level of 0.05%. Therefor, I conclude that there is sufficient information to reject the null hypothesis, which tells me the slope of the linear model is not zero.

Does this linear model predict mpg of MechaCar prototypes effectively? Why or why not?
This linear model does not predicts mpg of MechaCar prototypes effectively because the r-squared value is 0.70. This means when using this linear model, 70% of all mpg predictions will be correct, which is average.
The intercept is statistically significant, which means there are other variables and factors that contribute to the variation in mpg.

The design specifications for the MechaCar suspension coils dictate that the variance of the suspension coils must not exceed 100 pounds per inch. Does the current manufacturing data meet this design specification? Why or why not?
Yes, the current manufacturing data does meet this design specifications. The calculated variance is 62.29356, which is a lot less than 100 pounds per inch.

Suspension Coil T-Test
The results did not reject the null hypothesis, because the p-value is greater than .05. This means the sample mean lies within in the 95 percent confidence interval.

Design Your Own Study
To see the performance of MechaCar's prototype vehicle compared to other comparable vehicles on the market, some metrics that we should consider looking into are cost, fuel efficiency, and interior options.
Cost - The cost of a car is always one of the most important aspects in purchasing a new vehicle. I would assume, most people give themselves a budget range of what they are willing to spend for a car, before even thinking of which car to buy. 
Fuel Efficiency - This is also an important metric to look at when buying a car, because people want to know how much money they'll be spending on gas over the time they own the vehicle. This of course works into people's personal budget plans on how much they can spend on fuel, along with other things that are essential in their lives, such as rent, food, bills, etc. Electric cars that use less to no fuel are becoming more popular now, with charging stations being placed convenient everywhere.
Interior Options - One of the best things about buying a car is seeing what customizable options are available for a consumer to choose from, to add to your vehicle to make it more you, and also convenient for your driving and accessories. People may want to add things, such as a touch screen to control functions in your car, or even the luxury appearancs in the car.

Questions
Does the price of different cars deter or attract people from considering that specific car?
Hypothesis: I hypothesize that the price of a car affects people's consideration in buying that car.
Null: The price of a car does not have any affect in people's decision in buying cars.

Do cars with higher fuel efficiency attract more people from considering that specific car?
Hypothesis: I hypothesize that cars with higher the fuel efficiency affect people's consideration in buying that car.
Null: The fuel efficiency ratio of a car does not have any affect in people's decision in buying cars.

Does having more interior options in a car attract more people from considering that specific car?
Hypothesis: I hypothesize that having more interior options at the time of buying a car will attract more buyers.
Null: Having more interior options does not have any affect in people's decision in buying cars.

We will need to collect more data that shows how many cars are being bought at different price ranges of 10,000 intervals, more data that shows how many cars are bought at different fuel efficiency ratios, and more data that shows how many cars are being bought with different interior options compared to that with none.
